h2. VLC remote (for mac)

There may be more recent info on the "wiki":http://wiki.github.com/codesponge/mac_vlc_remote/

h2. First get the code

Clone or fork from "github":http://github.com/codesponge/mac_vlc_remote OR download this "zip file":http://github.com/downloads/codesponge/mac_vlc_remote/vlc_remote.zip 

h2. In terminal

Uses the  "sinatra":http://www.sinatrarb.com gem, if you don't already have it, you need to
	@sudo gem install sinatra@

go to mac_vlc_remote directory
	@cd /path/to/where/you/put/mac_vlc_remote@
	
then start it up with one of these...
	@ruby vlc_remote.rb@     # will run until you type control-c or close terminal window, shows activity.
  @ruby vlc_remote.rb&@  # will run until you logout or kill the process

h3. Note

If you already have something else using port 4666 then you can edit the mac_vlc.rb file and change the
@set :port, 4666@ line to use the port of your choosing.

h2. Use

Remote should be up at "http://localhost:4666/":http://localhost:4666/

(use http://COMPUTER.NAME:4666 or http://IP_ADDRESS:4666 ) on
your local network to control via iPhone or other device

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 codesponge. See LICENSE for details.
